[Music]
welcome to slash forward we're gonna
keep things happy for now and meet a new
posse of clowns with the cult classic
killer clowns from outer space let's get
to it we open on a local small town
diner which appears to be the spot for
these local pumpkins this is where we
meet officer Mooney on the lookout for
anyone trying to have too much fun like
this degenerate so he heads out to the
park always a reliable location to find
kids sipping on champagne ballin out of
control not too far away we settle in on
our main couple Mike and Debbie who like
to go to the local outdoor orgy site to
do their stargazing we learn why when an
astral phenomenon of some type buzzes
them appearing to touch down in the
woods enthusiastic about adding to their
space rock collection they head off for
a hiking excursion we see that the
object landed just outside farmer
Greene's property and he goes to inspect
the crater he finds a secret woodland
circus instead site tracking him from
his exploration while looking for the
ticket booth he loses his Pooh Bear
revealing his quick temper and resulting
in immediate vows of retribution however
he is quickly settled when he grabs a
live wire and arcs a fusion reactor
through his body
Bobo the service rep shows up to address
his concerns and offers a novel solution
meanwhile Mike and Debbie arrive and
find the tent Debbie's intuitions to
leave are correct but don't overcome
Mike's peer pressure and they go
exploring instead
mike is jazzed prompting him to put on
his own show and talk like a jagoff I
know you know they find the interior to
be both silly as hell
and seriously dangerous an equal measure
they arrive in a room full of giants
cotton candy ball sacks Debbie suggests
that they're in the shooting star they
saw earlier but Mike insists that this
is just how cotton candy is made see
they're discovered and chased down by
the clown aliens that live here barely
making their escape Mike back sover a
couple of them for good measure before
driving off and the clowns then began
their march into town mmm slowly they
arrive at the station where officer Dave
takes them so serious about the cones
cocoons cones cocoons unfortunately
they're emphatic explanation is with the
earshot of Mooney who openly mocks them
as they go to investigate in town we see
the clowns have come for blood and are
very proficient at reeling in their prey
putting on an engaging puppet show for
this affable young pedophile before can
defying him with similar activities
taking place all around town back in the
squad car we learn Deb trusts Steve
because of their prior relationship and
Dave confirms he still burns a candle
for her right and Mike's face thinking
it too dangerous
Dave convinces Debbie to cool out at her
house while the boys go to attend to
this clown business in the woods however
when they arrived the tent is gone
turning Dave into a mini Mooney as he
promptly arrests Mike under suspicion of
being a merry prankster back in town the
clown's continued to collect or kill
residents this little one takes the
ladder out sore that his bike is damaged
he briefly disappears and then returns
to punch a bikers head off meanwhile at
a burger joint we get her first
near-miss when this little girl is
summoned outside by a dirty clown and he
is denied his prize back at the spot the
teen orgy has cleared out only leaving
behind the stink and a sticky pink
webbing no bodies but this is enough
evidence for Dave to release Mike back
at the station we see Mooney is being
inundated with calls about clowns
driving him to drink and then settle in
for a long night of ignoring his duties
meanwhile the clown's are taking over
the town snatching or killing everyone
and watching the world burn Mike and
Dave roll through and observe the
clown's act with impunity mike is a very
active instinct for violence but Dave
wants to see how this thing plays out to
the detriment of the citizens Dave calls
it in but finds Muniz still behaving
like a petulant so he leaves for
the station while mike tries to catch up
with his friends the Terenzi brothers to
enlist their help
at the station Mooney is finally
confronted with reality when a large
clown walks in although it's still
unreal to him as this clown doesn't
respond to his threats and beatings like
everyone else when Dave arrives he finds
the cage full of a variety of corpses he
then finds Mooney
the clown's hand so far this a sicán
working like a puppet Dave begins
experimenting trying to find a weak spot
and the nose seems to do the trick he
then calls him back up from the State
Police making sure to warn them at the
noses Dave is circling back to Debbie
when we see the clown operation is
ramping up and they're delayed too long
as debbie is surrounded and taken off in
a balloon rather than cotton candy so
she can be alive later for plot purposes
as they pursue the clown's they have a
run-in with Dave who hops in and then
suggests that the clown's must be hiding
at the amusement park we see he's
correct as they arrive and make a big
show of getting out of their car and
burned 12% of the movies runtime getting
set up what are you gonna do with those
pies boys for an epic pie throw the boys
arrived and are quickly split up Mike
eventually recognizes their surroundings
and immediately leads them to the bumper
nuts inventory warehouse while searching
for the balloon they learned the clown's
intent watching one find a ripe fleshy
fruit and sucking out the sweet nectar
with the craziest of straws they find
Debbie's balloon and mike is determined
to save her or kill her in the process
then they're forced into a running gun
scenario until they find themselves out
of ammo and surround it in some sort of
Big Top room but the Terenzi brothers
show up somehow and reveal that the
space vessel is made out of cinder
blocks the clouds eventually defer all
aggressive action to the clown
juggernaut which destroys the ice cream
truck with the Terenzi brothers inside
dave draws it off while Mike and Debbie
run a gas at the prospect of becoming
clown poop he pops the nose destroying
the ship save for one clown car Dave and
the trend Z's emerge having somehow
survived while the rest of the town
residents burn alive in the wreckage and
then they laugh about their new
complicated three-way relationship and
that was killer clowns from outer space
a story originally intended as a
cautionary tale of what would happen if
we let Bozo the Clown become too
powerful and influential but modified
through studio interference if you
enjoyed the video I'd love for you
become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching